#Chapter 17#
##The Animals Take Action##

Jay was still at the orphanage except for a rare visit to the castle. He was not the only one concerned about what was happening to him--so were the animals in the castle and in the woods. There were strange activities going on in the castle.

On a moonlit night while Jay and Merlin and Oscar and the cats slept, the animals were figuring out how to put their plan into place. They wanted to find another way to urge Oscar to continue to try to bring Jay to the castle to be with them. They had been working on this plan for quite some time. They needed to have the moonlight and not too much cold for things to work. Their purpose was to have Oscar see Merlin in bed at the orphanage with Jay. They were sure that he would then work even harder to figure out how to allow Jay to be more a part of life at the castle with all of them.

Feather was the first to arrive at the castle to meet with the animals and then the deer. They had waited until dark so they would not be seen. The night before, Merlin had explained to Sky that it was his job to watch for Feather and that, when he saw him, he had to wake up the other two cats and they were all to wake up Oscar. As soon as Sky spotted Feather he went and licked the other two cats awake. Then up to Oscar’s bedroom they all went. The cats made a ruckus until Oscar awoke. Since he had not been able to sleep very well, he awakened immediately and got out of bed. He decided that he needed to put his clothes on if the cats were that agitated.

When Oscar and the animals got downstairs, Snowy barked and barked at the door until Oscar followed her. Oscar wondered where Merlin was. He couldn’t seem to find him anywhere. Oscar went out after Snowy. That was when he saw Merlin’s paw prints in the fresh snow. Then he saw Feather flying from tree to tree and he realized that he needed to follow Feather through the woods. Since Feather knew every inch of the woods he knew a very short way to the orphanage—though it would take most people a very long time to walk there. Snowy and Oscar followed Feather.

Down through the moonlit forest they went. Three other owls came followed by the deer with their white tails flickering. Rabbits and even a gopher followed them. Though nobody could see them, the white wolves were only a few shadows away—protecting everyone. The trees stood black and their shadows sprang out on the snow in the moonlight. It was cold but not bitter. Oscar would have been enjoying the walk if he had not been so worried. He had no idea what was happening. Before long, though, Oscar realized that they were on their way to the orphanage. He continued to follow Feather and Snowy until they arrived at one of the windows in the orphanage.

When Oscar looked inside, the light from the streetlight that streamed through the window allowed him to see Jay in his bed and Merlin stretched out on the bed beside Jay. Once again, Oscar felt tears coming to his eyes. He realized how much Merlin must love Jay, to leave the castle to be with him and how much Merlin must want to protect Jay. He looked at Snowy and he looked at Feather and he said to them both, “I will find a way to adopt Jay so that he can live with all of us. Trust me.” With that Snowy turned and Feather gave a hoot and they all headed on back to the castle to finish off the sleepless night, the deer following close behind and the wolves sneaking behind trees a short distance away.

Merlin heard Feather and could see Oscar outside the window in the moon light. He hoped that maybe Oscar would now know that he had been sneaking away. He hoped that Oscar would understand that Merlin needed to protect and help Jay. Even though Merlin very much missed being at the castle at night, he just couldn’t leave Jay alone. He wanted so much for everyone to be together! Jay slept on through the strange visit. He always felt peaceful and slept well when Merlin was with him.

With Feather once again leading the way, Oscar and the animals arrived back at the castle as quickly as imaginable. As they approached, Oscar looked up and saw all three cats lined up on Feather’s library windowsill looking out. They had been horribly worried. When they saw Oscar they rushed to the door and tried to climb on Oscar as he took off his coat. It had been a hard night for everyone and it was time, once again, to try for some sleep.

The next morning, Oscar called the orphanage and asked the nuns if he could speak to them one more time about Jay. He told them that he wanted to persuade them that Jay belonged at the castle. He wanted to adopt him.

The Sisters responded with a bit of a lecture to Oscar. They said that there was little chance that would happen. Adoptions were complicated and sometimes took a long time. There was nothing they could think of that Oscar could show them or say to them that was apt to persuade them. They were very protective of their children and they thought he was quite happy at the orphanage. They said that it was a positive thing that Oscar was so highly regarded in the community and that Jay liked to visit with him.

Oscar felt very, very discouraged and Snowy and Merlin, who had been watching and saw how upset he was, felt just awful. They lay down close to each other with their black noses touching. Life seemed bleak and horrible to everyone at the castle. Even Feather who was outside watching was feeling more and more terrible. There seemed to be no place to go for help. Believe, Believe, Oscar told himself. Good things can happen if you try hard and believe. He hoped that there really was a castle wizard and that he could help with this dire situation. He glanced outside as he spoke and saw a shadowy

figure in a tree. Too big for even a large bird. Maybe it was the wizard, he thought, with a little gleam of hope coming into his heart. Maybe the wizard had heard him when he said he would like to have a child in the orphanage. Maybe the wizard knew that the child was Jay. And just maybe the wizard did bring magic and he could make it happen. Oscar looked to the sky and glanced again at the tree. This time he could no longer see the shadowy figure.
