#Chapter 20#
##Dinner at the Good Wizard's Castle##

Oscar had lots to do! He had three days until Jay would arrive, knowing he would be able to spend every weekend at the castle from then on—and maybe, just maybe be adopted. Oscar decided that he should start by painting the yellow room an even brighter happier yellow so that it would really seem as though it belonged to Jay.

Off he went to buy some paint. The dogs were in the truck and barked all the way into town they were so happy. He also went to the bookstore and bought Jay some new books. He figured he could combine those with the ones that he still had from when he was Jay’s age and they would have plenty of bedtime reading for a long time.

Oscar was back as quickly as you could say jackrabbit and began the painting. By evening he was done and the room was beautiful. He arranged the new books on the shelves and put new linens on the bed. Everything looked, well, looked, just happy! He and the animals were beside themselves with happiness and joy. He fixed a big supper for everyone, lit the fire, sat in his favorite chair and began to read. He was so tired from all the excitement that very soon he was asleep in the chair. When he awoke he put out the fire and went to his bedroom, followed by the dogs. Even the three cats came up and stretched out on his bed. (Now Sky would leave his window perch because he realized that Feather would come to visit very frequently.)

The next day the Sisters told Jay what was going to happen. Jay just couldn’t believe it. He said over and over to himself the same thing: If he could just tell Oscar how much he loved him and how he had believed so very hard that things would turn out the way they should. That night Merlin appeared again at Jay’s window. Jay let him into his room. Merlin licked every inch of Jay’s face. That was when Jay knew that Merlin understood how wonderful things had become. Jay said his prayers and crawled under the blankets. Merlin stretched out beside him and went to sleep. He couldn’t wait until they could all be together in the castle and Merlin didn’t have to come to stay with him at night. When Jay fell asleep he dreamed another dream about flying with Merlin and Snowy. It was a wonderful dream. They were together up in the clouds looking down at the castle. Feather was flying beside them. The sun was shining and there was just a small breeze. It was a wonderful dream and Jay woke up laughing. Of course Merlin was gone but he quickly got ready for school and decided that later he would begin another book to give to Oscar as a present.

Meanwhile, at the castle, everything was in a flurry of activity. Oscar was to pick Jay up on Saturday morning. He decided they should all have a day of celebration. First they should all take a wagon ride to Otter Pond. The ice was still there but spring flowers were poking their way out. He wanted to get Mr. Eves to bring his wagon and the Clydesdales so that everyone could be part of the celebration. Then they would all have a special dinner of turkey because that

was Jay’s favorite—not to mention how much the cats loved the livers. Oscar was sure that Feather would show up and that he would be part of everything He knew that the deer would be nearby in the woods watching with joy and so would the wolves. It would be a wonderful day, he thought, looking out the window. There he saw the bluebirds resting on the yet-to-bloom rhododendron bush. And a wonderful day it was.

Saturday finally came! The big day was here! Mr. Eves came with his wagon all covered with bells and ribbons, as were the horses. The horses had been groomed until they shone and they lifted their heads with pride and joy as they pranced along through the woods to the pond. Oscar had put green bows on Snowy and Merlin to remind everyone that spring was upon them. The cats even had tiny bows on their collars. Feather appeared as Oscar knew he would and the sun shone and a sprinkling of snow fell in perfect harmony. Jay just couldn’t stop smiling. Merlin and Snowy both tried to jump on his lap at the same time. This time the cats came in the wagon and stayed under the blankets so they could be part of the celebration. Oscar decided that from now on Otter Pond would be a place for celebration. Everyone skated until they could hardly stand up- even the dogs! Merlin and Snowy didn’t need skates, since they each had such large feet, they just slid and spun on the ice, yelping all the while. The horses stood by and shook their heads and jingled their bells.

When they were too tired to think, everyone got into the wagon and headed back to the castle for hot chocolate, even though it was close to dinner time. It's what you were supposed to do after playing in the snow! Oscar put on Souza marches, even though that music isn’t very restful. Oscar felt as though the celebration needed to just go on and on and that music should be full of excitement and revelry. Jay wrestled with the dogs and the cats cleaned and purred.

Soon it was time for everyone to help prepare the dinner. Oscar had already placed the turkey in the oven and he and Jay made a wonderful butterscotch cake. When it was finished they covered it with as many candles as could possibly fit on top. At the end of the dinner Oscar brought out the cake and placed it in front of Jay. This cake is for your birthday and Merlin’s. Both will be today since neither of you knows exactly when you were born.

Then he gave Jay an an old framed painting of the family crest. Oscar explained to Jay that he was now a special part of the castle family and that he must act with kindness and honesty and love to live up to the standards of the castle. Jay just smiled and smiled.

After dinner, Oscar read everyone a story. In the moonlight it was easy to see that Feather sat on the window ledge outside and listened to every word. At the end of the story he did one of his hooting songs that required many, many hoots in a row, all in different keys! In the far distance could be heard the howling of the wolves. Mr. Eves left with all the bells ringing. The cats were

already asleep after eating so much turkey liver and Merlin and Snowy were lying by the fire.

Oscar could see that Jay was about to fall asleep so he asked him if he would like to have Oscar take him up to his new room. Soon Jay was tucked into his very own bed in his very own yellow bedroom with all of his toys and books. And who do you think was right there beside the bed? Of course--Merlin and Snowy. Merlin was so glad to be back in the castle where he belonged and ever so happy that Jay was home. Snowy was just plain happy.

Oscar said good night and I love you over and over and Jay said I love you back to Oscar and to Merlin and Snowy and the cats (though they were still asleep downstairs.) When he looked at the window he saw Feather blinking at him in glee and he waved to him. Oscar carefully closed the bedroom door. And Jay slept his very first night as a family member in the castle. And, you might have guessed that he dreamed that he was in the sky with Merlin pulling the sleigh with Snowy and Jay riding inside. And there was a wizard inside the sleigh, too, with silver bells around his neck that tinkled and tinkled. This time they were floating back and forth between stars as the wizard swung out from the sleigh as though he was on a merry-go-round.

Just one more thing happened right after the clocks all struck midnight, as they did every night. Merlin shook Snowy awake and beckoned her to come outside with him. Snowy nosed the handle and the creaky big door opened, and they walked out into the darkness. Then Merlin told Snowy to hold on and up into the night he leapt, right up to the North Star, hanging above the castle and there they hung just long enough to look down at the castle and see Oscar looking at them out the window. He looked very confused, but happy. They also saw the wizard waving to them from the tallest tree. Merlin was sure he heard him say: “Peace to all and remember to believe!!”
