#Chapter 10#
##Christmas Plans!##

Oscar stood in the kitchen. Christmas was getting closer and closer, he thought. He was musing about what he should do about Jay. He kept thinking about him and how sad the situation was. Oscar had so much and he felt it would be a good thing if he could share some of it. He really hoped that Jay could come and visit on Christmas Eve and Christmas. Then he thought it would be great to see if the other children at the orphanage could also come for Christmas. Many times he had talked aloud to the dogs and the cats and the owl to see what they thought. The dogs always stared at him and wagged their tails. When he talked about Jay, the cats all purred and Feather always rapidly blinked his eyes

Oscar kept himself busy all day. He and the dogs went out in the barn and worked on chores. Finally he took a long, long walk with the dogs. However, no matter what he did, he kept thinking about what he should do about inviting Jay. Sometimes a person can just think too long and too much. There is a time when it is best to take action.

Oscar went inside and called the Sisters. As though they knew the importance of the call, all the animals sat at attention watching Oscar. None made a sound while he was talking. Oscar put down the phone and clapped his hands he was so happy and excited. All the animals looked at him in confusion, not knowing what to do. “It is a wonderful thing we have to look forward to,” he said. Jay and the children at the orphanage will be coming to visit with us over Christmas. Jay will come on Christmas Eve and the others will follow on Christmas Day. As if they understood the cats began to purr and the dogs wagged their tails and Feather blinked his eyes.

“Let’s go get a little more work done today,” Oscar said, and off he and the dogs went to the barn. Oscar just smiled and smiled and the dogs yelped and yelped. The cats stayed behind and purred and purred and Feather blinked and blinked and let out one tiny hoot (so as not to scare anyone!)
